o	What is Explicit wait and Implicit wait?
o	What is a headless browser?
o	How to get a screenshot in Selenium? Can you write the syntax?
o	What are the different type of Locators in Selenium?
o	What is the best way to locate a web element if there is no unique XPath?
o	Do you run test cases in parallel with TestNG? If yes how many threads and does it cause any problem?
o	What is the most common locator you use in your project?
o	How frequently you use Thread.Sleep()?
o	Suppose there are two elements on a web page with same ids, how will you handle it?
o	Can we create an object for an interface?
o	Difference between @BeforeTest and @BeforeMethod in TestNG?
o	How does Selenium interact with the Web browser?
o	Can you make the constructor of a class static?
o	How do you maintain your test scripts and how frequently you have to modify them?
o	How to find all broken links on a webpage?
o	Explain your Automation Framework.
o	Write a dynamic XPath to locate a table's 2nd row 3rd column data.
o	Hash map vs Hash table.
o	What is the significance of hash table?
o	What is the return type of findElements?
o	What’s the difference between a Maven project and a Java project?
o	Getwindowhandle vs Getwindowhandles and the return types.
o	Explain about the Project along with how the Automation was done.
o	How to connect to a Database using Selenium?
o	Any idea or experience with Continous Integration tool?
o	How to handle a drop-down in Selenium?
o	What is WebDriver – interface?
o	Why do we need Interface in test?
o	How to integrate your test with Jenkins?
o	Any example or practical usage of Run time polymorphism?
o	What kind of framework have you made?
o	Any idea about Selenium Grid? Or Parallel execution.
o	What are the challenges you face when running automation scripts?
o	Difference between == and =.
o	Is multiple inheritance possible in Java? Why?
o	Are all methods in an abstract class, abstract?
o	Can we make an Object of Abstract class or an Interface?
o	What’s the difference between method overloading and over-riding?
o	What’s the use of Java Static keyword?
o	Can we write webdriver dr = new webdriver();
o	What are the different plugins used for Maven? And it’s use?
o	Difference between Abstract and Interface?
o	Try, Throw & Catch syntax. And why is it used?
o	How do you manage re-running only failed test cases?
o	How to make TestNG.xml at run-time?
o	Can we have Finally block without Try & Catch blocks?
